GUI Procedure -
The user starts the GUI.

    Setting Pins and Running Device Diagnostics -
    The user connects the devices and valves from the test stand to the LabJack and configures the pins in the Data Acquisition & Logging System tab.
        While the devices are being connected, the user can verify all device connections are in place by checking the Feed System tab.
            The algorithm checks to see if the reading for each device is within range.
                If the reading is within range, the light in the Feed System tab is on and the device is connected.
                (How do we check if a runtank is filled or not?)

    Control System Configuration -
    The user then configures the procedures and abort cases in the Control System Configuration tab.

    Running Valve Diagnostics -
    The Valve Diagnostics button stays showing while the Dry Test-Run and Maintain Pressure buttons are invisible.
    The user presses the Valve Diagnostics button to verify all valves are connected.
        This turns on and off each valve and measures if the voltage drop across the Solenoid Power Supply is within range.
            If the voltage is within range, the light in the Feed System tab is on and the valve is connected.
    If all devices and valves are green in the Feed System tab, the Dry Test-Run button appears.
    The user presses the Dry Test-Run button.
        This sequentially turns on or off the valves according to the configured procedure list from earlier by reading the top row from each file.
            ****Note that this does not run through the Abort System nor does it detect sensor values.****
    If the Dry Test-Run is complete, the runtanks are then filled by attaching the fuel and oxidizer lines to the Feed System and following the Fill Process.

    Fill Process -

    Firing the Rocket Engine -
    After the Fill Process is complete, the user stands a safe distance away from the test stand.
    The runtanks are massed to check if they are filled.
        This makes the Maintain Pressure button appear and makes the Valve Diagnostics button and the Dry Test-Run button invisible and off to avoid further misclicking.
    The user presses the Maintain Pressure button to not let the Feed System depressurize. The rocket engine is ready to fire.
    To fire the rocket engine, the user presses the Arm button [on the count of 3] and holds down the Deadman Switch [on the count of 2].
        This makes the Fire button appear and makes the Maintain Pressure button invisible and off to avoid further misclicking.
        The user presses the Fire button [on the count of 1] to fire the rocket engine.